Hello Guys this is a time where we will add the upload function to our API is going to be middleware.
Again we will use the router route function and when a given name products so rather rough products
again it have get.
And since we are porting we need to post it for us.
So the first thing we need to do is we want to check the first cons check with water
works
awesome and then we want to put it here.
It should be read because they are to me the words that we are going to check
to do have multiple middleware.
We need to do an area first.
We'll be checking the token and then if the token is valid then only the user can upload no matter what.
This middleware has to run for us the next me the where is to upload the image to stream.
We give it a name product picture single meaning we are only uploading one picture then the rest is
pretty straightforward.
We create a new product you know and then with an object and passing the owner category title price
description and finally image image has to be requested file Daut location.
It is the name of the file laying from my street.
So whenever you upload you upload it on the street then it will return a link to you.
And then finally we save that and then response in Jason Bay Tom Foreman which is access true and message
to stressfully added the product.
So let's test it out and see whether we manage to upload to street and save the data to the database.
So go and do it before we do that.
We need to actually change this.
So if you go to Google Google Google Walter street.
The first one if take a look at the documentation is actually SEE C-v know it not to shrink.
So we copied this and let it go back to our visual studio and I'm going to remove this and I'm going
to save it.
All right.
So right now let's head to our hotel and start our server.
Magic happens.
Awesome to be connected to the database and open up our postman and the first thing we want to do is
you want to log in for us.
So the guy is walking right because we need it talking.
So posts body I show up at gmail see the password then all the ABC want to treat posts.
So we want to copy this and try to get it open you tap.
We'll call those to read and then we want to do the API can be nice send.
All right.
Open tap both the theory and then subtler products and then chasid posts header.
Terry Zeeshan is of value here.
You want to change to body instead of extendible form your code if you want to click form data instead.
Because we have to upload an image.
For example we can change keys to a file so no title or low end value
writes
pedigree
is you've got to tell the truth.
Take a look at this category ID title price description and that's it.
And as well as the product picture.
So let's go back to here and carry ID will be this one Optik books.
Copy it.
Go back here.
See here.
And last but not least is part of the score picture change is to file because it has to be the same
as the name here.
So it has to be product and school picture.
So go back here.
Whoops wrong one.
So let's go back to Boseman and tu's files and I'm going to choose the logo search instead.
So no worries.
Go ahead and send this loading successfully added to product.
Q So is Goudeau browser.
Let's go to stream and even console refresh this page
and let's go ahead and click this and check.
All right.
There's a sheer and is doing so was quick doing and be downloaded.
We open it up but it's OK.
So we actually store the MH So go to and lab and check what it is.
I mean the products saving on fresh products one
day.
They have it final price description Oeming inch tree.
Awesome.
In this video we learn how to upload pictures yesterday and saved the link that we got from street to
the database in the next video we will show you guys how to do this sell this product.
I'll see you guys in the next video.